# node-js-mini-project
This repository contains a fun and simple Node.js mini-project that utilizes popular npm packages like "sillyname" , "superheroes", "qr-image" and "inquirer" in this mini project.

## 1. Name Generator
The Name Generator is designed to provide users with unique and amusing combinations of names, making it an entertaining tool for various purposes.

### Install Dependencies:
```bash
npm i sillyname superheroes
```

Key Features:
1. Sillyname Integration: The project leverages the "sillyname" npm package to generate funny and whimsical names that add a touch of humor to the output.

2. Superheroes Integration: By incorporating the "superheroes" npm package, the Name Generator can also produce names inspired by famous superheroes, adding a dash of excitement to the generated names.

<!---
How to Use:
#1. Clone the Repository: Start by cloning this repository to your local machine using Git.

2. Install Dependencies: Navigate to the project directory and install the necessary dependencies by running "npm install" in the terminal.

3. Generate Names: To generate names, use the provided command, and the application will use the "sillyname" and "superheroes" packages to create unique combinations.

4. Have Fun: Enjoy the amusing and creative names generated by the application, and feel free to use them for any purpose you desire!

Whether you need funny names for a game, fictional characters, or just want to have some laughs, this Name Generator built on Node.js with the help of "sillyname" and "superheroes" npm packages is sure to keep you entertained. Have fun exploring endless combinations of names!-->



## 2. QR Code Generator

The QR Code Generator is a mini-project developed to help you create QR codes efficiently for various purposes. Whether you want to share URLs, text, contact information, or any other data, this tool simplifies the process.

### Install Dependencies:
```bash
npm i inquirer qr-code
```

Key Features:

1. QR Code Generation: The project leverages the "qr-image" npm package, which provides a straightforward way to generate QR codes from the data you input.

2. Interactive CLI Interface: The "inquirer" npm package is integrated to offer an interactive Command-Line Interface (CLI) that guides you through the process of generating QR codes. This ensures a user-friendly experience.

